so today we are going to conduct
the series is pretty interesting
experiments which are called
chemical rainbow these are experiments
lies in the fact that several
solutions get all seven colors
rainbows
that is, red orange yellow green
blue cyan and purple
now we have 7 glasses in front of us
which are poured various solutions now
it's not very much like a rainbow but soon
some of the solutions change their
color and all colors will be the same
what sequence do u rainbow for
start make red in the first
cups per liter of titan astor
potassium
to get red color add to
him a small amount of ferric chloride
with this reaction a theater is formed over
iron 3
which has a very bright saturated
red color in the second cups from us
It is potassium dichromate solution it is
imagine and so orange so we are with him
nothing will do in the third
cups we also have a solution
potassium dichromate but we have to
get yellow color for this thread
a small amount in a cup
sodium hydroxide solution that is
alkali alkaline medium potassium dichromate
goes into potassium chromate and solution
turns yellow as chromate
potassium so bright yellow and here
first got the three colors of the rainbow go
next three cups from us
there is a solution of copper sulphate
different concentrations further we need
get green for this to
the solution of copper sulphate is poured
small amount of titian then potassium
it forms a rather complicated
complex compound of copper and times too
becomes green in the fifth cup
us solution of copper sulphate
in and of itself he is so blue what we
we will not do anything to
cup of us is terminated but
vitriol
slightly less construction than
previous to get bright blue
the color lay on the hydroxide solution
ammonium in the interruption of hydroxide
ammonium complex formed
compound ammoniac copper at the same time
the solution becomes very bright
deep blue well and now
finally get purple color in
the last seventh cup nose
there is a solution of mangano then potassium to
get purple color welcome to him in
sulfuric acid when changing acidity
mango natali goes into permanganate
potassium and the solution turns purple well
But after such interesting experiments
got all seven colors of the rainbow here
turned out very bright and good
pronounced
Well, now let's see
what happens if you mix all these
seven colored solutions in one large
the flask will start with a red light
killing schools was a solution and titian then
iron
continue to interrupt you dichromate cake
potassium open space becomes orange
gave flush potassium dichromate further
we add complex compound of copper
green bonfire becomes green
further simply copper sulphate practically
has not changed further copper ammine
the author is still green well and
finally potassium permanganate solution us
It turned out to be a mod because in it
manganese dioxide precipitate formed and i
I think iron hydroxide and there maybe
so many different variations to
make the solution clear add to
him
sulfuric acid with all precipitation
dissolve and make us transparent
a solution of such a brownish color
but